point docs to core docs site (#48)
snowplow/dbt-snowplow-mobile: docs/markdown/snowplow_mobile_overview.md

# Snowplow Mobile Package

Welcome to the model documentation site for the Snowplow mobile dbt package. The package contains a fully incremental model, that transforms raw mobile event data generated by the [Snowplow iOS][ios-tracker] or [android trackers][android-tracker] into a series of derived tables of varying levels of aggregation.

> **For more information, including a QuickStart guide, operation and configuration, and implementing your own custom modules on top of this please visit the [Snowplow Docs](https://docs.snowplowanalytics.com/docs/modeling-your-data/modeling-your-data-with-dbt/).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For more information, including a QuickStart guide, operation and configuration, and implementing your own custom modules on top of this please visit the [Snowplow Docs](https://docs.snowplow.io/docs/modeling-your-data/modeling-your-data-with-dbt/).**
```

Author: Replaced all instances to snowplow.io
